---
title: pu-erh.sk LBZ 2013
subtitle: 
date: 2014-01-08
shape: sample
brand: Pu-erh.sk
brand_zh: 
product: LBZ
product_zh: 
year: 2013
regions: []
counties: []
areas: []
subareas: []
villages: [LaoBanZhang]
image: 
tags: [puerh, sheng, puerh.sk]
---
The wash is a classic semolina base with a subtle floral hint that will grow afterward. leather and flowers in the gaiwan.
...then after a few seconds the huigan is killer and deep.

right after the wash i can smell a quick top note of vanilla, a middle note of smoke and a base note of greenness/seaweed with maybe a hint of leather.

i'm about to drink the first brew and the qi has come quickly, and it's not one of those physical obvious class B energies... it is mental and brutal, less sneaky than bingdao but the same kind of class A qi (maybe a little bit less durable too, i'll see [EDIT: not at all!!] )... GBLZ can be a little like that too but not as strong... after two cups i'm buzzing severely. after 3 cups i think i'm done for now. after 4 cups i'm ok and in the zone writing this.

The tea is well rounded with a subtle good bitterness... The aromas are not as elegant as other expensive teas aromas but the finish is superb: the huigan is dynamic, deep and longlasting... well it's LBZ... The typical greenness of that 2013 production is not the best part but who cares: it is good drug from the trees!

my CSH LBZ'10 bricks had much in common in 2010 even if it wasn't the same, perhaps with a little naka extra in it or something like that, but with LBZ for sure...

cup 5: some sweetness appears... a little astringency too but it won't last... i stop for now and will enjoy the huigan and mouthfeel...

excellent session... i wish i had a mini cake of this, or even a mini-tuo!

After many infusions the leaves give a slightly oily & thick water with only a hint of orchid... it's useless for the mouth but 1/ there is still qi which is rather amazing and 2/ it's still a very good houyun generator, especially if you've had, for example, a cup of coffee a couple hours before...
this LBZ blew my mind: i think i was still high the day after my first session... some of the best 9 euros i've spent in 2013; thanks to the pu-erh.sk guys...