---
title: Fujin Banzhang Gongbing 2005
subtitle: 福今2005年班章珍藏贡饼
date: 2017-09-09
brand: 
brand_zh: 
product: 
product_zh: 
year: 2005
regions: []
counties: []
areas: []
subareas: []
villages: []
tags: [puerh, sheng, fujin]
---
(does this 250g beeng exist? fake or real?)

It is composed of very small leaves, mostly buds.
The leaves smell camphor/medicine.

0/ the rince is dark orange, it tastes a little medicinal with a distant warehouse taste 
the huigan is already demonstrative, we can follow easily where the tea goes and how the taste is changing, Shengjin is starting already.

1/ the wet leaves minty dirty oil
the soup is really dark. The taste is already very strong and camphor-ish, it is really thick & textured it's more a nectar than a juice since the sourness is low. lot's of camphorish or medicinal marmalade with soil or ageness settle in the mouth and in all the throat. The comparaison with the white label 7542 of the other day was not so stupid, actually i'm convinced it has a good deal of banzhang. That medicinal sweetness of the aftertaste goes and comes... after several minutes some minty freshness arrives.
creamy mouthfeel.

2/ It's like velvet in the mouth. The bitterness is slightly more appearant but that's a soft bitterness, and it transforms into that medicinal nectar in a second. some oak (let's say wood) and chenwei have now replaced the wharehouse/soil flavors. The camphor is dominant and when i make the air entering mouth mouthit activates the sweetness everywhere, hard to explain, and some minty/freshness effects of course.
Some astringency shows up but stay moderate and is hidden but the creamy effects and the salivation. The aromatic persistence is long and is very dynamic, there is some candy sugar, caramel... you can't drink that fast, you will enjoy and observe and do nothing else.

3/ after a while I'm feeling qi, all is in the head, a real high, but no much of thoughts confusion here. just a smile on the face.
after like 15 minutes all the aftertaste flavors has gone for good: the shengjin is still very effective, and when i swallow saliva i can feel some sweetness and bitterness going back. There is still a sweat & woody yun in the mouth and in the throat, some freshness when aspiring the air.
The qi is changing, it's now more on the whole body, and i'm having a bit of a headache. I realize that's i've brewed the third times quite a long time ago and the soup must be cold.. 
it's a bit the same: oak/wood, camphor, strong huigan... mushrooms.... Very persistent mouthfeel.. some cream at the roof of the mouth now.
wet leaves : ageness, a bit of sourness and almond i would say

4/ pause, strong headache

high notes: bitter, pepper
mid notes: galanga, medicinal, camphor
bass notes: wood

astringency

If it were a sound we would say it's fat... I think it's not one of the high-end banzhang of this time, but well, i will not pretend that i have many teas like this one!
